Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_02/step_02.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_02.py" download>Step 2</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Basic functions

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Beginner*

Let's discuss some of the essential functions that come along with Taipy.

- [`<Data Node>.write(<new value>)`](../../../../manuals/core/entities/data-node-mgt.md/#read-write-a-data-node): this instruction changes the data of a Data Node.

- [`tp.get_scenarios()`](../../../../manuals/core/entities/scenario-cycle-mgt.md/#get-all-scenarios): this function returns the list of all the scenarios.

- [`tp.get(<Taipy object ID>)`](../../../../manuals/core/entities/data-node-mgt.md/#get-data-node): this function returns an entity based on the id of the entity.

- [`tp.delete(<Taipy object ID>)`](../../../../manuals/core/entities/scenario-cycle-mgt.md/#delete-a-scenario): this function deletes the entity and nested elements based on the id of the entity.

## Utility of having scenarios

> With Taipy, users can make several instances of the same setup. The data can vary among these different scenario instances. It's crucial to grasp the distinctions in data among scenario instances. These variations in scenarios can occur for the following reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Taipy, users can create multiple copies of the same setup. These copies can have different data. 
Understanding these differences in data between the copies is important. 
These variations in scenarios can happen because of the following reasons:
```

- Changing data from input data nodes, 

- Randomness in a task (random algorithm), 

- Different values from parameters set by the end-user, etc.

> The developer can directly change the data nodes entities with the _write_ function (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developer has the ability to directly modify the data nodes entities using the _write_ function (as shown below).
```
